three friends cole haley and ben
went on a friendship trip in brazil they
decided to go skydiving
this is them right before the jump out
of the plane which one of them is in
[Music]
danger
cole he's wearing a regular backpack
instead of the backpack with a parachute
boots mother of four returned home from
work
and found all of her daughters busy
serena was playing chess
catherine was reading hannah was
watching cartoons
what was delaney doing
[Music]
delaney was playing chess with serena
on the first day of school a girl named
mia
went missing the police came to school
for the interrogation
there were four suspects mrs adams the
director
mrs smith the girl's math teacher mr
jones the cleaning man
and mr brown the school's cook mrs adams
said she'd had
a lot of work and spent the whole day in
her office
never leaving it mrs smith said right
after the classes
she started to grade mid-term tests and
never left the classroom too
mr jones said he'd gone home for lunch
but he didn't know who that girl was
mr brown said he had met mia in the
cafeteria
but he had nothing to do with her being
missing the police immediately arrested
the culprit
who took mia and how did they figure it
out
it was mrs smith the math teacher she
said she was grading the midterm tests
but it was just the first day of school
esme got lost in the forest she was
wandering around the whole day
finally at sundown she came to a spooky
house
where a witch lived she had nowhere else
to go
so she entered the house asking for help
the witch offered to play a game she
would ask
one question if esme got it right the
witch would take her out of the forest
but if the girl made a mistake she'd
keep her
as her maid forever esme had no choice
but to agree
here's what the witch said what is the
phrase that makes you happy when you're
sad
and sad when you're happy can you help
as me
the phrase is it will be over soon
this takes place three of nine of
greenland
two of seven of ecuador and one of five
of
egypt what is this place
it's greece an old king
had no wife no children and no relatives
so he didn't have an heir to the throne
and decided to find one
he gave all the children in the country
a seed and said that whoever grew the
most beautiful plant
would stay in the castle and become the
next king or queen
one year later children came back with
gorgeous plants of
all different kinds only one girl jane
returned with nothing and said she
couldn't grow the seed
the king announced her his heiress can
you explain why
the king gave everyone a fake seed that
couldn't possibly grow
it meant that everyone except the girl
cheated
she was the only honest one that would
make a good and fair queen
allison cuts one bread loaf into four
pieces in 12 seconds
how much time does she need to cut the
same loaf of bread into five pieces
16 seconds to make it four pieces you
must make three cuts
if it takes her 12 seconds to make three
cuts
it means she makes one cut in four
seconds
if she now wants to cut it into five
pieces she needs to make four cuts
four cuts four seconds each makes it 16
seconds
steven's just got a new car he's been
dreaming about his whole life
he was planning to go for a ride in the
evening but first
he had to go to work he locked the car
in the garage and left
when he came back home he opened the
garage and found that his car was
missing
he called the police the officer
interrogated three of his neighbors
samantha said when she'd been walking
the dog
the car had still been there ryan said
he'd been away the whole day
and hadn't seen anything theodore said
he had come to steven's house to ask for
some garden tools
but he hadn't been there so he left this
information was enough for the police
officer to arrest the robber
who was it and how did he figure it out
it was samantha she said she'd seen the
car had still been there however
the garage door was closed and she
couldn't possibly see it
adele found her boyfriend oliver
poisoned in his room
and called the police the officer asked
her to say what happened
adele said she'd been walking past
oliver's house
and noticed that the light was on she
came to the window to see if that was
really him in the room
it was cold and there was frost on the
window so
she wiped it away to see who was inside
she saw that oliver was on the floor
and called the police the officer
immediately realized
she was lying and arrested her how did
he figure it out
adele said she wiped off the frost from
the window to see
but she couldn't possibly do it because
frost forms on the inside surface of the
window
the one that's in the room
adam wants to send his wife brooke very
expensive diamond earrings the problem
is that whatever is sent by post that
isn't locked
always gets stolen both adam and brooke
have some locks
but the other one doesn't have the key
that would open the lock of the other
still they managed to make it happen and
brooke got her earrings
how did they do it
[Music]
adam locked the box with earrings and
sent it to brooke
brooke received the box put her lock on
the box and sent it back
adam received the box took away his lock
and sent it back to his wife then brooke
opened her lock with her key
and got her earrings yeah i know they're
married and lived together and he could
have just
handed the earrings to her but what fun
is that
[Music]
james a father of four went to work
leaving a fifty dollar bill on the
kitchen table for his oldest daughter
quinn to go shopping
when he got home there was no food quinn
said she hadn't been able to go
shopping because he hadn't left any
money
james asked his other three kids to come
down and question them
beverly said she saw the money on the
table but didn't touch it
kenneth said she opened the window and
put the money under a book so it
wouldn't fly away
owen said he'd put the bill inside the
book between
pages 57 and 58. can you tell who's
lying
owen is lying he couldn't put the money
between pages 57 and 58
because they're the two sides of one
page
esme got lost in the woods again this
time
she was wandering around for two days
until she could at least find the
witch's house
when they met again the witch had
another game for esme
she said she had two identical cards but
one of them had free
written on it and the other card had
stay
esme could pick only one if she got the
one with free
written on it she'd come back home if
she picked the one with the word stay
she'd stay forever however this time
the witch didn't want to leave izmi a
chance to escape so
she wrote stay on both cards esme
anticipated that the witch would do it
she managed to win and get back home
how did she do it
she picked a card and burned it saying
it was an accident
the witch had to open the remaining card
that said stay
since according to the rules there were
two different cards
the witch had to agree that the other
one that esme picked and burned
must have been the one that would set
her free
after jackson was shipwrecked he found
himself on a deserted
island luckily he still had his pills
with him
there are two blue pills and two red
ones
he needs to take exactly one red pill
and one blue pill
but jackson is blind and doesn't know
which one is which
there's not a soul around to help him
how can he manage it
jackson should break each of the four
pills into half
and eat four halves of each this way
he'll
exactly eat one red and one blue one